arey what I don't understand is there's
so much extra water in here it had to
have been backed up behind something and
I haven't seen any any damn and I've
driven up and down the canyon two or
three times in last year four days right
down by the cinnamon well it was above
the cinnamon when we first saw first
time we saw it is right below covered
wagon so it may have come out what we
saw was this dark brown soupy water so
we thought well maybe it come out of out
of parent Creek and there are places up
there where it might have been well you
know to the forecast been closed up
pretty good
let's go to a bridge
well it's it started at least 20 15
miles upstream at least
it may take out those trees on that
corner by the time it's done
the sound of it is amazing it's crunchy
that's this big
problem is I don't know where it came
from and I've just driven down from
wasn't up at our place we're 20 miles
upstream it was not there thank God
because it would have taken our bridge
out but